README.md, before:

<img src="http://rawgit.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/master/img/icon.svg" width="100%" />

# Bullet Train for oh-my-zsh <a href="http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=bullettrain-sh" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/IRC-bullettrain–sh-1e72ff.svg?style=flat" height="20"></a>

Bullet Train is a [oh-my-zsh shell](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh)
theme based on the
[Powerline Vim plugin](https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-powerline). It aims for
simplicity, showing information only when it's relevant.

It currently shows:
- Current Python virtualenv; when using Pyenv and no active virtualenv shows the current Python version the shell uses
- Current Ruby version using chruby; version and gemset when on RVM or Rbenv
- Current Node.js version, through NVM (if present) or Node.js
- Current Perl version using plenv
- Current Elixir version
- Git status
- Timestamp
- Current directory
- Background jobs
- Exit code of last command

If you want add some new feature, of fix some bug, open an issue and lets hack
together.

For a tmux theme to work with it, I suggest [Maglev](https://github.com/caiogondim/maglev).

## Preview

![Preview](http://raw.github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/master/img/preview.gif)


## Requirements

In order to use the theme, you will first need:

* Powerline compatible fonts like [Vim Powerline patched fonts](https://github.com/Lokaltog/powerline-fonts), [Input Mono](http://input.fontbureau.com/) or [Monoid](http://larsenwork.com/monoid/).
* On Ubuntu like systems you'll need the `ttf-ancient-fonts` package to correctly display some unicode symbols that are not covered by the Powerline fonts above.
* A ZSH framework like [antigen](https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen), [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) or [zgen](https://github.com/tarjoilija/zgen)
* Make sure terminal is using 256-colors mode with `export TERM="xterm-256color"`
* For [iTerm 2](http://iterm2.com/) users, make sure you go into your settings and set both the regular font and the non-ascii font to powerline compatible [fonts](https://github.com/powerline/fonts) or the prompt separators and special characters will not display correctly.


## Installing

### For oh-my-zsh users

1. Download the theme [here](http://raw.github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/master/bullet-train.zsh-theme)

2. Put the file **bullet-train.zsh-theme** in **$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/**

3. Configure the theme in your **~/.zshrc** file:

```bash
ZSH_THEME="bullet-train"
```

### For antigen users

Add the following snippet to your **.zshrc** somewhere after the line
`antigen use oh-my-zsh`.

```bash
antigen theme https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme bullet-train
```

### For Zgen users

If you're using [zgen](https://github.com/tarjoilija/zgen), add the following line to your **~/.zshrc** where you're adding your other zsh plugins **after** the line `zgen oh-my-zsh`.

```bash
zgen load caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme bullet-train
```

### For Zplug users

If you're using [zplug](https://github.com/zplug/zplug), add the following line
to your **~/.zshrc** where you're adding your other zsh plugins.

```bash
setopt prompt_subst # Make sure prompt is able to be generated properly.
zplug "caiogondim/bullet-train.zsh", use:bullet-train.zsh-theme, defer:3 # defer until other plugins like oh-my-zsh is loaded
```

## Options

Bullet Train is configurable. You can change colors and which segments you want
or don't want to see. All options must be overridden in your **.zshrc** file.

### Order
`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ORDER` defines order of prompt segments. Use zsh array
syntax to specify your own order, e.g:

```bash
BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ORDER=(
  git
  context
  dir
  time
)
```

NOTE: You do not need to specify *end* segment - it will be added automatically. With this you can also specify custom segments.

### Prompt

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_CHAR`|`\$`|Character to be show before any command
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ROOT`|`true`|Highlight if running as root
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_SEPARATE_LINE`|`true`|Make the prompt span across two lines
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ADD_NEWLINE`|`true`|Adds a newline character before each prompt line


### Status

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_EXIT_SHOW`|`false`|Show/hide exit code of last command
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_BG`|`green`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_ERROR_BG`|`red`|Background color of segment when last command exited with an error
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_FG`|`black`|Foreground color

### Time

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_TIME_12HR`|`false`|Format time using 12-hour clock (am/pm)
|`BULLETTRAIN_TIME_BG`|`white`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_TIME_FG`|`black`|Foreground color

### Custom

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_CUSTOM_MSG`|`false`|Free segment you can put a custom message which will be eval'ed for every prompt
|`BULLETTRAIN_CUSTOM_BG`|`black`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_CUSTOM_FG`|`default`|Foreground color

### Context

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_BG`|`black`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_FG`|`default`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_DEFAULT_USER`|none|Default user. If you are running with other user other than default, the segment will be showed.
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_HOSTNAME`|`%m`|Hostname. Set %M to display the full qualified domain name.
|`BULLETTRAIN_IS_SSH_CLIENT`|none|If `true`, the segment will be showed.

### Python virtualenv (+Pyenv)

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_VIRTUALENV_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_VIRTUALENV_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_VIRTUALENV_PREFIX`|`🐍`|Prefix of the segment

### node.js nvm

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_NVM_BG`|`green`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_NVM_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_NVM_PREFIX`|`"⬡ "`|Prefix of the segment

### Ruby RVM/Rbenv

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_RUBY_BG`|`magenta`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_RUBY_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_RUBY_PREFIX`|`"♦"`|Prefix of the segment

### Elixir

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_ELIXIR_BG`|`magenta`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_ELIXIR_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_ELIXIR_PREFIX`|`"💧"`|Prefix of the segment

### Go

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_GO_BG`|`green`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GO_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GO_PREFIX`|`go`|Prefix of the segment

### Kubernetes Context

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_PREFIX`|`⎈`|[Kubernetes](https://unicode-table.com/de/2388/) prefix of the segment
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KUBECTL`|`true`|If `false` disable `kubectl` usage
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_NAMESPACE`|`true`|If `false` will not show the default namespace. Namespace is only visible if `kubectl` is installed
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KCONFIG`|`${HOME}/.kube/config`|Location of kube config file (e.g. /Users/Hugo/.kube/config)

The prompt will first check if `BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KUBECTL=true` and `kubectl` is installed than it will use `kubectl config view --minify` to determine the context and default namespace in use.
If `BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KUBECTL=false` or `kubectl` is not installed, `BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KCONFIG` will be parsed to get the current context.

The usage of `kubectl` allow the prompt to get the default namespace even if you are using multiple kube config files (e.g. KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/config:path-to-config1:path-to-config2)


### AWS Profile

Displays which AWS (Amazon Web Services) credentials profile is currently set.
This environment var is used by aws-cli and other tools to use the right access keys and other parameters.

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_AWS_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_AWS_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_AWS_PREFIX`|`☁️`|Prefix of the segment

### Perl

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_PERL_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_PERL_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_PERL_PREFIX`|`🐪`|Prefix of the segment

### Dir

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_BG`|`blue`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_CONTEXT_SHOW`|`false`|Show user and machine in an SCP formatted style
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_EXTENDED`|`1`|Extended path (0=short path, 1=medium path, 2=complete path, everything else=medium path)

### Git

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY`|`false`|Set `BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BG` to `BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY_COLOR` in dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY_BG_COLOR`|`yellow`|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BG` in dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY_FG_COLOR`|`black`|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_FG` in dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BG`|`white`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_PROMPT_CMD`|`git_prompt_info`|Function to display details about your git segment.
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_EXTENDED`|`true`|
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_PREFIX`|`""`|Prefix
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_SUFFIX`|`""`|Suffix
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_DIRTY`|`"✘"`|Icon for dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_CLEAN`|`"✔"`|Icon for clean state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_ADDED`|`"%F{green}✚%F{black}"`|Icon for added files on stage
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_MODIFIED`|`"%F{blue}✹%F{black}"`|Icon for modified files
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_DELETED`|`"%F{red}✖%F{black}"`|Icon for delete files on stage
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_UNTRACKED`|`"%F{yellow}✭%F{black}"`|Icon for untracked files
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_RENAMED`|`"➜"`|Icon for renamed
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_UNMERGED`|`"═"`|Icon for unmerged state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_AHEAD`|`" ⬆"`|Icon for ahead state from remote
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BEHIND`|`" ⬇"`|Icon for behind state from remote
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_DIVERGED`|`" ⬍"`|Icon for diverged state from remote

The git prompt can be disabled for a specific repository by setting a git config flag: `git config oh-my-zsh.hide-status 1`. This is useful to avoid performance issues for particularly huge repositories.

### Screen

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_SCREEN_BG`|`white`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_SCREEN_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_SCREEN_PREFIX`|`⬗`|Prefix of the segment

### Mercurial/HG

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|

### Command execution time

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_EXEC_TIME_ELAPSED`|5|Minimum elapsed time of command execution. If the execution time of a command is smaller than this, the segment will be hidden.
|`BULLETTRAIN_EXEC_TIME_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_EXEC_TIME_FG`|`black`|Foreground color

## Wiki

- [FAQ](https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/wiki/FAQ)
- [Screenshots](https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/wiki/Screenshots)
- [Tips](https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/wiki/Tips)

## Contributors

That project was originally a fork from
[Powerline](https://github.com/jeremyFreeAgent/oh-my-zsh-powerline-theme), but
most of the code was later erased and its now more closely related to
[Agnoster](https://gist.github.com/agnoster/3712874). Below is a `git summary`
of the project:

```
156	Caio Gondim
 33	Jérémy Romey
 14	Greg Fitzgerald
  8	Dan Kaplun
  8	Viktor (Icon) VAD
  7	Jocelyn Mallon
  7	Dawid Kurek
  6	Joe Block
  6	Jérémy Romey
  5	Arthur Wang
  4	Flavius Aspra
  3	Mario Zigliotto
  3	Michael Robinson
  3	Michael Cornell
  3	Iulian Onofrei
  2	itsZero (Chien-An Cho)
  2	Daniel Loader
  2	Charlie Smith
  2	wujtruj
  2	Jiri Tyr
  1	Sébastien Bordenave
  1	Yongqian Li
  1	alysson
  1	gvillalta99
  1	illuminatis
  1	krischer
  1	m.kuehn
  1	timfeirg
  1	Adrien Brault
  1	yachi
  1	Andreas Galauner
  1	Dale Davis
  1	Fabio Poloni
  1	Faure Hu
  1	Guillaume BINET
  1	Hannes Frank
  1	Heng-Yi Wu
  1	Jack Chu
  1	Jason Hollis
  1	KVoll
  1	Kevin
  1	Lyncredible
  1	Manuel Hoffmann
  1	Marius Krämer
  1	Maxime Bruguet
  1	Mertcan Mermerkaya
  1	Nicholas
  1	Peter Nagy
  1	Sen Jiang
```

## Credits

This theme is highly inspired by the following themes:
- [Powerline](https://github.com/jeremyFreeAgent/oh-my-zsh-powerline-theme)
- [Agnoster](https://gist.github.com/agnoster/3712874)

## Donating

If you found this project useful and are willing to donate, transfer some
bitcoins to `1BqqKiZA8Tq43CdukdBEwCdDD42jxuX9UY` or through the
[URL](https://www.coinbase.com/caiogondim) https://www.coinbase.com/caiogondim

Or via [PayPal.me](https://www.paypal.me/caiogondim) https://www.paypal.me/caiogondim.

---

[caiogondim.com](https://caiogondim.com) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
GitHub [@caiogondim](https://github.com/caiogondim) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
Twitter [@caio_gondim](https://twitter.com/caio_gondim)

Commit message:

minor changes of my fork

README.md, after:

<img src="./img/icon.svg" width="100%" />

# Bullet Train for oh-my-zsh
## This is a fork with some minor modifications to match the theme to my personal preference


Bullet Train is a [oh-my-zsh shell](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh)
theme based on the
[Powerline Vim plugin](https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-powerline). It aims for
simplicity, showing information only when it's relevant.

It currently shows:
- Current Python virtualenv; when using Pyenv and no active virtualenv shows the current Python version the shell uses
- Current Ruby version using chruby; version and gemset when on RVM or Rbenv
- Current Node.js version, through NVM (if present) or Node.js
- Current Perl version using plenv
- Current Elixir version
- Git status
- Timestamp
- Current directory
- Background jobs
- Exit code of last command

If you want add some new feature, of fix some bug, open an issue and lets hack
together.

For a tmux theme to work with it, I suggest [Maglev](https://github.com/caiogondim/maglev).

## Preview

![Preview](http://raw.github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/master/img/preview.gif)


## Requirements

In order to use the theme, you will first need:

* Powerline compatible fonts like [Vim Powerline patched fonts](https://github.com/Lokaltog/powerline-fonts), [Input Mono](http://input.fontbureau.com/) or [Monoid](http://larsenwork.com/monoid/).
* On Ubuntu like systems you'll need the `ttf-ancient-fonts` package to correctly display some unicode symbols that are not covered by the Powerline fonts above.
* A ZSH framework like [antigen](https://github.com/zsh-users/antigen), [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh) or [zgen](https://github.com/tarjoilija/zgen)
* Make sure terminal is using 256-colors mode with `export TERM="xterm-256color"`
* For [iTerm 2](http://iterm2.com/) users, make sure you go into your settings and set both the regular font and the non-ascii font to powerline compatible [fonts](https://github.com/powerline/fonts) or the prompt separators and special characters will not display correctly.


## Installing

### For oh-my-zsh users

1. Download the theme [here](http://raw.github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/master/bullet-train.zsh-theme)

2. Put the file **bullet-train.zsh-theme** in **$ZSH_CUSTOM/themes/**

3. Configure the theme in your **~/.zshrc** file:

```bash
ZSH_THEME="bullet-train"
```

### For antigen users

Add the following snippet to your **.zshrc** somewhere after the line
`antigen use oh-my-zsh`.

```bash
antigen theme https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme bullet-train
```

### For Zgen users

If you're using [zgen](https://github.com/tarjoilija/zgen), add the following line to your **~/.zshrc** where you're adding your other zsh plugins **after** the line `zgen oh-my-zsh`.

```bash
zgen load caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme bullet-train
```

### For Zplug users

If you're using [zplug](https://github.com/zplug/zplug), add the following line
to your **~/.zshrc** where you're adding your other zsh plugins.

```bash
setopt prompt_subst # Make sure prompt is able to be generated properly.
zplug "caiogondim/bullet-train.zsh", use:bullet-train.zsh-theme, defer:3 # defer until other plugins like oh-my-zsh is loaded
```

## Options

Bullet Train is configurable. You can change colors and which segments you want
or don't want to see. All options must be overridden in your **.zshrc** file.

### Order
`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ORDER` defines order of prompt segments. Use zsh array
syntax to specify your own order, e.g:

```bash
BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ORDER=(
  git
  context
  dir
  time
)
```

NOTE: You do not need to specify *end* segment - it will be added automatically. With this you can also specify custom segments.

### Prompt

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_CHAR`|`\$`|Character to be show before any command
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ROOT`|`true`|Highlight if running as root
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_SEPARATE_LINE`|`true`|Make the prompt span across two lines
|`BULLETTRAIN_PROMPT_ADD_NEWLINE`|`true`|Adds a newline character before each prompt line


### Status

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_EXIT_SHOW`|`false`|Show/hide exit code of last command
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_BG`|`green`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_ERROR_BG`|`red`|Background color of segment when last command exited with an error
|`BULLETTRAIN_STATUS_FG`|`black`|Foreground color

### Time

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_TIME_12HR`|`false`|Format time using 12-hour clock (am/pm)
|`BULLETTRAIN_TIME_BG`|`white`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_TIME_FG`|`black`|Foreground color

### Custom

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_CUSTOM_MSG`|`false`|Free segment you can put a custom message which will be eval'ed for every prompt
|`BULLETTRAIN_CUSTOM_BG`|`black`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_CUSTOM_FG`|`default`|Foreground color

### Context

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_BG`|`black`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_FG`|`default`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_DEFAULT_USER`|none|Default user. If you are running with other user other than default, the segment will be showed.
|`BULLETTRAIN_CONTEXT_HOSTNAME`|`%m`|Hostname. Set %M to display the full qualified domain name.
|`BULLETTRAIN_IS_SSH_CLIENT`|none|If `true`, the segment will be showed.

### Python virtualenv (+Pyenv)

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_VIRTUALENV_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_VIRTUALENV_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_VIRTUALENV_PREFIX`|`🐍`|Prefix of the segment

### node.js nvm

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_NVM_BG`|`green`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_NVM_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_NVM_PREFIX`|`"⬡ "`|Prefix of the segment

### Ruby RVM/Rbenv

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_RUBY_BG`|`magenta`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_RUBY_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_RUBY_PREFIX`|`"♦"`|Prefix of the segment

### Elixir

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_ELIXIR_BG`|`magenta`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_ELIXIR_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_ELIXIR_PREFIX`|`"💧"`|Prefix of the segment

### Go

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_GO_BG`|`green`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GO_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GO_PREFIX`|`go`|Prefix of the segment

### Kubernetes Context

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_PREFIX`|`⎈`|[Kubernetes](https://unicode-table.com/de/2388/) prefix of the segment
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KUBECTL`|`true`|If `false` disable `kubectl` usage
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_NAMESPACE`|`true`|If `false` will not show the default namespace. Namespace is only visible if `kubectl` is installed
|`BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KCONFIG`|`${HOME}/.kube/config`|Location of kube config file (e.g. /Users/Hugo/.kube/config)

The prompt will first check if `BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KUBECTL=true` and `kubectl` is installed than it will use `kubectl config view --minify` to determine the context and default namespace in use.
If `BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KUBECTL=false` or `kubectl` is not installed, `BULLETTRAIN_KCTX_KCONFIG` will be parsed to get the current context.

The usage of `kubectl` allow the prompt to get the default namespace even if you are using multiple kube config files (e.g. KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/config:path-to-config1:path-to-config2)


### AWS Profile

Displays which AWS (Amazon Web Services) credentials profile is currently set.
This environment var is used by aws-cli and other tools to use the right access keys and other parameters.

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_AWS_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_AWS_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_AWS_PREFIX`|`☁️`|Prefix of the segment

### Perl

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_PERL_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_PERL_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_PERL_PREFIX`|`🐪`|Prefix of the segment

### Dir

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_BG`|`blue`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_FG`|`white`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_CONTEXT_SHOW`|`false`|Show user and machine in an SCP formatted style
|`BULLETTRAIN_DIR_EXTENDED`|`1`|Extended path (0=short path, 1=medium path, 2=complete path, everything else=medium path)

### Git

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY`|`false`|Set `BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BG` to `BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY_COLOR` in dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY_BG_COLOR`|`yellow`|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BG` in dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_COLORIZE_DIRTY_FG_COLOR`|`black`|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_FG` in dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BG`|`white`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_PROMPT_CMD`|`git_prompt_info`|Function to display details about your git segment.
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_EXTENDED`|`true`|
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_PREFIX`|`""`|Prefix
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_SUFFIX`|`""`|Suffix
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_DIRTY`|`"✘"`|Icon for dirty state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_CLEAN`|`"✔"`|Icon for clean state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_ADDED`|`"%F{green}✚%F{black}"`|Icon for added files on stage
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_MODIFIED`|`"%F{blue}✹%F{black}"`|Icon for modified files
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_DELETED`|`"%F{red}✖%F{black}"`|Icon for delete files on stage
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_UNTRACKED`|`"%F{yellow}✭%F{black}"`|Icon for untracked files
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_RENAMED`|`"➜"`|Icon for renamed
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_UNMERGED`|`"═"`|Icon for unmerged state
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_AHEAD`|`" ⬆"`|Icon for ahead state from remote
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_BEHIND`|`" ⬇"`|Icon for behind state from remote
|`BULLETTRAIN_GIT_DIVERGED`|`" ⬍"`|Icon for diverged state from remote

The git prompt can be disabled for a specific repository by setting a git config flag: `git config oh-my-zsh.hide-status 1`. This is useful to avoid performance issues for particularly huge repositories.

### Screen

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_SCREEN_BG`|`white`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_SCREEN_FG`|`black`|Foreground color
|`BULLETTRAIN_SCREEN_PREFIX`|`⬗`|Prefix of the segment

### Mercurial/HG

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|

### Command execution time

|Variable|Default|Meaning
|--------|-------|-------|
|`BULLETTRAIN_EXEC_TIME_ELAPSED`|5|Minimum elapsed time of command execution. If the execution time of a command is smaller than this, the segment will be hidden.
|`BULLETTRAIN_EXEC_TIME_BG`|`yellow`|Background color
|`BULLETTRAIN_EXEC_TIME_FG`|`black`|Foreground color

## Wiki

- [FAQ](https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/wiki/FAQ)
- [Screenshots](https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/wiki/Screenshots)
- [Tips](https://github.com/caiogondim/bullet-train-oh-my-zsh-theme/wiki/Tips)

## Contributors

That project was originally a fork from
[Powerline](https://github.com/jeremyFreeAgent/oh-my-zsh-powerline-theme), but
most of the code was later erased and its now more closely related to
[Agnoster](https://gist.github.com/agnoster/3712874). Below is a `git summary`
of the project:

```
156	Caio Gondim
 33	Jérémy Romey
 14	Greg Fitzgerald
  8	Dan Kaplun
  8	Viktor (Icon) VAD
  7	Jocelyn Mallon
  7	Dawid Kurek
  6	Joe Block
  6	Jérémy Romey
  5	Arthur Wang
  4	Flavius Aspra
  3	Mario Zigliotto
  3	Michael Robinson
  3	Michael Cornell
  3	Iulian Onofrei
  2	itsZero (Chien-An Cho)
  2	Daniel Loader
  2	Charlie Smith
  2	wujtruj
  2	Jiri Tyr
  1	Sébastien Bordenave
  1	Yongqian Li
  1	alysson
  1	gvillalta99
  1	illuminatis
  1	krischer
  1	m.kuehn
  1	timfeirg
  1	Adrien Brault
  1	yachi
  1	Andreas Galauner
  1	Dale Davis
  1	Fabio Poloni
  1	Faure Hu
  1	Guillaume BINET
  1	Hannes Frank
  1	Heng-Yi Wu
  1	Jack Chu
  1	Jason Hollis
  1	KVoll
  1	Kevin
  1	Lyncredible
  1	Manuel Hoffmann
  1	Marius Krämer
  1	Maxime Bruguet
  1	Mertcan Mermerkaya
  1	Nicholas
  1	Peter Nagy
  1	Sen Jiang
```

## Credits

This theme is highly inspired by the following themes:
- [Powerline](https://github.com/jeremyFreeAgent/oh-my-zsh-powerline-theme)
- [Agnoster](https://gist.github.com/agnoster/3712874)

## Donating

If you found this project useful and are willing to donate, transfer some
bitcoins to `1BqqKiZA8Tq43CdukdBEwCdDD42jxuX9UY` or through the
[URL](https://www.coinbase.com/caiogondim) https://www.coinbase.com/caiogondim

Or via [PayPal.me](https://www.paypal.me/caiogondim) https://www.paypal.me/caiogondim.

---

[caiogondim.com](https://caiogondim.com) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
GitHub [@caiogondim](https://github.com/caiogondim) &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
Twitter [@caio_gondim](https://twitter.com/caio_gondim)
